---
title: PinGNU
artist: Sakrecoer
date: 2016-09-05 19:07:00 +0200
category: highlights
author: bassBot
tags:
  - video
  - internal
  - cybersoul
description: >-
  PinGNU is a cybersoul banger of rank; a weird and wonderful mix between
  autotuned R'n'B, boombass and dope geekery. Blurring the lines of cooldom and
  cuteness, this track is a triptych love song addressed to all the FLOSS coder
  out there, in the Name of the GNU, The Pingu, and the Holy User.
uid: pingnu
image: /assets/img/pingnu.jpg
download:
link: 'https://archive.org/details/BPIST-V007'
album: 
check_this_if_cannot_be_bought: true
stores:
  - name:
    url: 
    icon: 
    download: false
---

PinGNU is a cybersoul banger of rank; a weird and wonderful mix between autotuned R'n'B, boombass and dope geekery. Blurring the lines of cooldom and cuteness, this track is a triptych love song addressed to all the FLOSS coder out there, in the Name of the GNU, The Pingu, and the Holy User.

Message from Sakrecoer: "If you think this music is worth anything, please donate what you would reward me to the FSF or the LF

Lyrics:

I’m a little Pingu, riding on a GNU.Looking at the world, looking at you.Free at the core, i wonder why don’t you,Look at me the way i look at you.

It would be so nice,if you could take me in.Your computer and i could change the world we’re in.Your freedom is being diluted.And your code is being polluted.

I’m a big GNU with my little Pingu,Looking at the world, looking at you.Free at the core, i wonder why don’t you,Look at me the way i look at you.

It would be so nice,if you could compute.Your freedom is not to dilute,Someone has taken your tool into dispute,This is what together we should refute.

More skarecoer music: http://sakrecoer.com

Baby GNU model by Nicolas Rougier, distributed under GNU General Public License.https://www.gnu.org/graphics/3dbabygnutux.en.html

The music is published using a Non-Commercial Creative Commons license, but commercial use is granted to anyone producing commercial software distributed under GNU General Public License.