---
title: 'Dabke'
artist: 'Various Artists'
category: highlights
tags: [oriental, arabic, kurdish, persian, dabke, maghreb, article]
layout: link
description: 'Oriental music and the 1001 unreadable superhits' 
uid: '1001dabkedeliciousness'
image: 'clr.jpg'
download: ''
link: 'https://youtu.be/TmAvt5p6f8g'
author: set
---
There is something intriguing with minorities. Even the concept itself: often times a minority is actually a majority. It's easy to glue a bunch of stuff together under the minority tag; many occidentals think that arabs are a minortiy, and perhaps they are in whatever occidental country said westener is thinking about it, but there is so much more. There are kurds, persians, Maghrebins (ironically occidentals in arabic) and there is probably more!!!? Lately i have geeked out on music from the middle east. Particularily this one style mainly associated to a dance called [Dabke](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dabke "Dabke-Dance Wikipedia page") 

It first hit me in a Lebanease restaurant. I didn't really pay attention first, because the rythm was so familiar, it felt like reaggeton. But at some point there was this crazy TB-303 basline with resonance and tune knob set to max. As i started to listen, i realized this was neither Acid Techno, nor reggeaton. I waved in the waiter and asked what it was. A slightly emarassed young man told me he didn't know how to spell it in European carachters, but gave me a paper with the name in arabic and an attempt in European. Of course, I lost that paper and none of my attempts to spell the name in search queries ever worked. 

Fastforward, in a train to Södertälje, also known as "Little Syria". I hear that melody again, this time comming from someones headphone. I emediatly asked 